Improve extra resource schemes description (#87)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/onboarding-extra-resources.md

Tiered scheme means that every unit charge is calculated with its own tier
price.

With tiered scheme, once you fill up a *tier* you move to the next tier and
units are charged at a different price (usually lower).

Example:

* From 1 to 9 users: €5/user
* From 10 users: €3/user

> If customer choose 15 users, the total amount would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If customer chooses 15 users, the total amount will be:
```

9 x € 5,00 + 6 x € 3,00 = € 63,00

### Volume scheme

Volume scheme means that all units charge is calculated based on total count in
the related tier: as soon as you reach a specific quantity, all units will cost
the lower price.

Example:

* From 1 to 9 users: €5/user
* From 10 users: €3/user

> If customer choose 15 users, the total amount would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If customer chooses 15 users, the total amount will be:
```

* From 1 to 9 users: €30
* From 10 users: €100

> If customer choose 15 users, the total amount would be: € 100,00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If customer chooses 15 users, the total amount will be: € 100,00
```
